Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
BACK TO SQUARE ONE
What's up. guys?
How's it hanging?
- Hey. Joël.
- Hey. Kader.
- You're back?
- I got out a week ago.
It wasn't too bad?
I kept busy:
lots of reading. pumping iron...
How long were you in for?
3 months.
I Not too bad for a hold-up.
For a lady's bag?
During the hold-up.
Anyway. i'm through with it.
Dealing shit n' all.
I'νe become a Muslim.
praise to God.
God willing. brother.
I'm so happy.
Find a job.
It's the best way to reintegrate.
No-one'll take me with my face.
I won't work for whitie.
Slavery's oνer!
Don't say that.
I work for a building firm.
They hire young people.
You'd be welcome there.
I'm real busy.
I gotta get my kid from school.
And stuff...
Praise to God.
Well. it's good to see you.
Come to the mosque.
God willing. I'll come on Friday.
Fuck me. what an ass!
I'd nail that bitch anytime!
Peace. brother.
My husband's in Cameroon.
We haven't heard from him.
I'm here with the kids.
I can't pay the rent.
Does he work?
He was a security guard.
You don't work?
I clean at the hospital.
- How many children?
- 5.
With him or in all?
Excuse me. Régis.
Let me show you the election poster.
I love it.
Who's that?
My gardener. I thought
it'd look more ethnically diverse.
I can't say his name.
Me and my wife call him Peanut!
Not bad. huh?
Parity. diνersity...
You just need a gay!
Do you know any?
I'm joking!
More cars were set fire to
in Les Lys.
Delinquents rule the place.
I'd raid the place.
Send 'em home
if they won't be French.
Τhis lady liνes in Les Lys.
Oh. yes!
Hello. ma'am.
lt's such a liνely.
colorful neighborhood.
I loνe smelling all those spices
on the landing!
You're in good hands.
Régis will find you a place.
Huh. Régis?
I'll leaνe you to it.
The Mayor!
Where were we?
Mrs Mouloumbi...
Husband in Cameroon.
Why didn't you go with him?
The kids were born here.
They're French.
It's always the same.
You're from Africa...
I'm from Normandy.
I was born here.
I need proof
that you're a single parent.
If I get evicted.
we'll be on the street.
Go live with your husband.
It's warmer there.
I picked up my kid.
I forgot my wallet.
You have no ticket.
It's 40 euros...
It's 'cause i'm black?
We check everyone.
Sure!
Got 40 euros. honey?
ID. please. sir.
Just wait.
Does your friend have it?
No. just my lunch money.
Can I have it?
I'll pay you back.
Don't bust my balls!
Racists!
I grew up in the war. sir.
I saw real racism.
Shut up. bitch.
I'm a Muslim!
Enough!
I'm black. too.
You're a discredit to us.
- Hey. brother...
- Don't "brother" me.
In front of your daughter!
Cousin...?
Uncle...?
Dirty traitor! You coconut!
Shit!
Βeat it!
I No money! No wash windshield!
Scram!
Calm down. Régis.
Scram. dammit!
Filthy beggar!
- He's handicapped!
- No way. it's just a mafia!
Τhey just want our pity.
- Dad's talking nonsense.
- Really?
Sometimes they cut off an arm
to earn more.
Albanians...
Just out of jail.
you cause trouble.
- I had no money.
- Quiet. son!
You stole off
your daughter's friend!
I'll repay her.
I Nonsense! When? And how?
I swear on the Koran.
i'll repay her.
Shut your mouth!
None of that here!
You hear?
You're not fit to be a son of mine!
You stole from ladies.
now from kids!
You grass!
She's not a grass.
She loves you.
Her friend's mom rang to say
you stole off her kid!
Whitie's a grass
right from primary school!
Shut your mouth! Be quiet!
None of that here.
Prison didn't improve you.
What did you learn inside?
I curse my womb!
What did I do to the Lord?
What did I do. God?
I'll kill you one day.
Τake your things
and leave my house.
Come back with a job
and money to raise your daughter.
Look at me!
For you.
Who was it?
My uncle. my father's brother.
I thought
you had no contact with them.
What did he want?
To tell me my father's dying.
Pass me the cheese.
Your father?
You said he died decades ago.
He was never there for me.
I was 8 when I last saw him.
He's dead to me.
You tell me
after 10 years together.
So. what'll you do?
What'll I do?
Some stranger's funeral
in the West lndies!
It's your Dad's funeral!
I can't go. I'm not vaccinated.
You are going.
If not. I'll go and get laid
by big crack-dealing blacks!
Enough. Corinne!
No. it's not!
You think it over.
I can't take any more!
I don't recognize you anymore!
Dad. what are big
crack-dealing blacks?
I Nothing. honey.
Finish the Camembert.
Look out. sonovabitch!
Régis?
Joël!
Hey. bro!
Visiting Dad?
It's been 20 years.
Yeah!
- I'll help you.
- I No. it's OK!
I'll get a taxi.
- How are things?
- Just great.
A 9-year-old girl.
a wonderful wife.
I set up my own firm.
I work for the town hall.
I just bought a riverside house.
And you?
Same. Exactly the same.
9-year-old girl...
- Where do you live?
- Same!
I bought a house.
Paris. By the Seine.
Wow!
Τhat can't be cheap.
- What do you do?
- Me?
I set up a firm.
Helping old people.
Τransport...
Home help.
Here to see your family?
What did he say?
It's a local thing!
- I'll pay you back.
- Yeah. right.
Shit!
I should've claimed it on expenses.
Régis. Joël...
I'm your Uncle Jocelyn.
I'm the one who phoned you.
Come on.
You're just in time.
He's near the end.
Who are the chicks?
Your half-sisters.
Your Dad traveled a lot.
Say hello to your aunt.
Arlette!
Josiane!
Oh. Lord!
I Not again.
Delphine!
Joséphine!
What's that?
He's reliving his life.
Gladys!
Muriel!
Bernard!
Régis!
Joël!
My sons...
You're here.
Τhank you.
You're my only two boys.
I know.
I wasn't always there for you.
I Never. actually.
I was a bad dad.
Like me.
you bear the name. Bigdesire.
And your children. too.
Although I made mistakes in my life.
tonight.
I want to give you...
What. Dad?
Lucienne!
I want to give you
the Bigdesire treasure!
A treasure?
No. Dad. don't go yet!
Bring him water!
What treasure?!
What treasure?
Fatoumata!
A paper!
It's not just any paper.
It's your slave ancestors'
bill of freedom.
Τhanks to that. your forefathers
could travel freely.
Go smoke that elsewhere.
Keep it safe.
Your father got it from his father.
You'll give it to your kids
who'll give it to theirs.
So. our family never forgets
our ancestors' suffering.
I'm going back to him.
Good!
No inheritance. no lawyer.
I'll get back home sooner.
Wait!
We could sell it to a museum
and make some cash.
They'd have sold it long ago.
We must respect his wishes.
Your half.
Don't forget our sisters!
Where are we?
lt wasn't me. Mom!
Why are we here?
That grass sure was strong!
We've had a big trip!
Τhat's where your crap got us!
Your smoke must've intoxicated me.
Maybe we were raped.
I No network.
What a shitty country!
- Run!
- Why?
If a black sees a black run.
he runs!
I'm innocent.
Whatever. I'm running!
Over there!
2 blacks with a radio...
- They're insane.
- Shut up!
They must be cops!
- Really?
- Of course!
They're dressed up as tramps.
You'll ruin my career!
I want to put it on the net
so everyone sees
how cops treats blacks.
Officer!
I haven't done a thing.
He smoked the drugs...
Shut up. negroes!
Screw you. sonova...
Amnesty International
will hear about this.
Shut up!
I'll cut out your tongues!
- Where to?
- The market.
We'll get a few coins.
Cut off their feet!
We're selling 'em. idiot!
Sell who?
Step right up!
Here are some top-quality negroes.
freshly captured on Africa's coasts.
Don't miss this exceptional
consignment of ebony.
Τhey're in perfect condition
and will increase
your plantation's profits in no time.
Step right up. folks.
Don't be scared.
Touch the merchandise.
Feel how young. handsome
and strong they are.
Step right up!
They're young. handsome...
Taste my wares!
The idiots!
Is it Candid Camera?
This one's a bit fat.
What're you doing. you faggot?
He touched my balls!
His back teeth are in bad condition.
His breath stinks.
- I didn't have time to brush...
- Shut up!
Gentlemen. there are only 2 left.
A mulatto for the home
and an athlete
for... endurance work.
Come now. make an effort.
I'll do these 2 negroes
for the price of 1 .
It's a gift. not an investment!
Gentlemen.
I know times are hard...
I don't want to have to shoot 'em.
2 negroes
for the price of 1 !
Going...
2 for the price of 1 !
2 negroes for the price of 1 ...
OK. I'll take 'em.
Thank you. sir.
You won't regret it.
Thank you. sir!
Τhis is your new home.
Mr Henri. 2 new ones.
Forgive me. sir.
they look second-rate.
Τhey didn't cost much.
Right...
Take this one to the fields
so he can start work.
I'll take the mulatto
to the kitchens.
Get these savages' outfits off them.
Sir. there's a misunderstanding.
I work at the town h...
Don't speak
till a white allows you to.
Look down.
- With your big cock...
- Pardon me?
What did I say? Look down.
What're you looking at?
Are you looking at my dick?
You said to look down.
Enough. Mr Henri.
Τhey need names.
You'll be Gaspard.
As for you. it'll be... Gédéon.
Follow me. Gédéon.
- C'mon.
- What?
You're Gédéon.
No. I'm Gaspard.
No. he said...
Don't make a fool of me!
I Name?
- Gaspard.
- I No. I am.
- I Name?!
- Gédéon.
Come on. Gaspard.
to the kitchens.
Come.
- Again!
- I'm Gédéon!
- I Name?
- Gédéon!
That's good.
You'll make a good slave.
Your big cock...
Βravo. bravo!
I raise my glass to our children
and their future nuptials.
Τo your daughter. father-in-law.
- Isn't he handsome. Mother?
- He's exquisite.
Victor. help your sister.
Yes. father.
Move!
OK!
- Isidore...
- Yes. Mr Henri.
Look after the new boy.
His name's Gédéon.
Yes. Mr Henri.
Right away.
Have a good day. Mr Henri.
Follow me.
Are you deaf?
Don't be a stubborn negro.
You're lucky to be here.
So. behave or you'll end up
working in the fields.
Where are we?
Are you stupid?
Mr Jourdain's house.
It's over all that!
No more slaves and masters!
I'm a citizen
of the French Republic!
I married a white girl!
Don't say such lies.
If the Master hears you...
Move it. negro.
- I can't...
- Move!
It's my ligament!
It's an old injury.
In '98.
in a soccer match!
Regional finals!
It's better. much better!
To work. filthy negro.
with your big...!
Racist!
What?
lt's 'cause l'm black.
Well. obviously!
Father.
may I take the leftovers
to our slaves?
Victor. I don't like to see you
hanging around the fields.
And you know
that their diet is different to ours.
That's right. Mr Victor.
Τhese delicacies are too refined.
They need food
as simple as they are.
Be careful.
if you get too close.
they might eat you!
Are African negroes
really cannibals?
Of course.
If you're lost in the jungle.
it's hard to escape.
Their wide noses
give them a better sense of smell.
They can smell us
several leagues away.
Shouldn't they start
by smelling themselves?
How witty!
I'd rather suck sugar cane
than eat their gruel.
l'm exhausted.
Βack to work!
Some whites get negresses pregnant.
Are these half-breeds even men?
A horse that fornicates with a donkey
breeds a mule. not a horse.
A mule's stupid and sterile.
And what about their gigantic sex?
Some travelers I came across
in pygmy country
say that they use it
to cling onto branches.
like possums.
Really?
When were you in Africa?
I bivouacked in the dark continent
in my youth.
I came back 20 years ago.
In 1760.
My dress! Τhe idiot!
Sorry. I'll put salt on it.
I None of your voodoo!
Come now.
Βe fair. he just got here.
My fashion dress ruined!
Τhese negroes have feet for hands!
And hands for feet.
Like all apes.
I don't believe it!
1780!
How did we get to the Middle Ages?
Renaissance?
What happened?
I know!
1780 - Louis XVI!
I don't need a history lesson!
I'm off.
Where to?
I'm outta here.
I won't work all day
and get beaten. too.
The idea of a job
was bad enough.
Got any friends in 1780?
Don't worry about me.
Men with dogs will come after you.
I'll be long gone
before they realize.
Call me Houdini!
You coming or not?
We have to stay together.
Are you coming?
Loser!
Stay here. You're just a slave.
I'm a real man.
I Not a wage slave!
Come in.
Open the window.
Τhe smell of negro
is unbearable!
It's Mr Henri.
Good evening.
My sinuses are fragile.
Contact with the negroes
must have spiced up your odor
somewhat.
Don't worry.
his nose isn't flattened yet!
Βehave yourselves. please!
We're lucky
that there are still men like him
who can control the negroes.
What brings you?
Just to say
that the day went well.
Perhaps we should
chain up Gédéon.
He's quite savage.
Give him time to settle in.
I know
you'll lick him into shape.
Have a rest and a good bath.
Goodnight. sir.
Ladies.
Don't go sleep in a hut
by mistake!
What the hell's that?
Stay behind me
if you're scared.
Am I my brother's keeper?
When I was a boy scout.
I was the best at orienteering.
So. don't give me that crap.
- You were a boy scout?
- You bet.
Gotcha!
- You're such a kid!
- I got ya. admit it!
Very funny!
It doesn't work the second time.
Fuck. fuck!
Well. goodnight.
'Night.
Get up!
Get up. in there!
Get up. lazybones!
Shut up! We're sleeping!
- I forgot!
- It wasn't me!
In the beginning was God.
and God was the beginning.
All that comes
from the earth and the sky
comes from God
and comes
from the Almighty's divine word.
Amen.
Kiss-ass!
We need His help now.
This sacred word
must always be obeyed.
All things were done by His word
and nothing was done
without His word.
It is life.
And life is the light of man.
Amen.
Creep. have you no pride?
Is there a problem?
Allah is great!
"Τhe light
shines in the darkness.
and the darkness
has not overcome it."
You who live in the darkness.
who are the same color.
be good workers.
tireless and submissive.
And then...
perhaps
you too may be...
touched by the light.
Father...
God created man in His image.
Why not live all together equally?
Because it says so here.
Blacks obey whites.
No. it says: "Jesus went to eat
with the Pharisees."
Well...
God loves you all.
Get to work.
Heard him?
Get to work!
Well. Isaac. what news?
Nothing interesting. sir.
Τhe sugar cane crisis
is still on everyone's lips.
Did you get everything I asked for?
I think so. sir.
Perfume for your daughter and
barrels of good wine for the wedding.
You forgot the fabric?
My wife is making my life
hell about it.
It slipped my mind.
Isaac!
Don't worry. I'll be back in 2 days.
For the wine and the perfume.
you own me 50 crowns.
Really...?
- Don't forget my fabric.
- I won't.
Goodbye. Isaac.
50 crowns!
Dirty Jew!
See you in 2 days. sir.
What an asshole!
Where were you?
Washing. I'm only 2 minutes late.
Who d'you think you are?
Give me a knife.
I'll cut your damn field.
Bro...
I've had enough of this!
Sorry. sir.
He's a bad negro.
Βad African habits...
Screw you!
I'll teach you some manners.
With your big cock...
I've always been a good master.
But I won't tolerate
on this plantation
slaves who disrespect a white.
Let this be a lesson to you all.
Mr Henri...
How's the wedding coming along?
It should be a great success.
my dear girl.
We have wine from France
and musicians.
I can't wait.
Liberty!
Equality!
Motherfucker!
Isidore. Rosalie. untie him.
Liberty. equality... fraternity.
Fraternity!
Come in. don't be scared.
Are you hungry?
Thirsty?
I No. thank you.
You look better.
How's your second day
at the plantation?
Good.
So. you can read?
Yes. indeed.
Here.
Read that.
"The Black Code.
Article 3.
Forbid public displays of religions
other than Roman Catholicism."
You know.
except for our religion.
teaching slaves is frowned upon.
I can only read a few words.
Don't bother.
He told me.
Others can read.
Gédéon can. too...
I think...
Don't be scared.
An educated negro is very rare.
Not all whites can read.
You're a smarter negro
than the others.
Your white side makes you cleverer.
Τhank you.
Would you like to command slaves?
I don't know...
Sleep in the barn?
With good straw?
Does it sting?
I No. it's OK.
Strange...
Usually. African slaves
are more robust than you.
Meaning?
You seem a bit clueless.
You didn't work on the land much
in your country.
You must come from a rich family.
Me? That's a good one!
Be careful!
Your skin is soft.
And your hands aren't damaged
like ours.
What're you doing?
What?
You're here. I'm here.
we go well together.
- Any significant other?
- What?
Are you with a guy?
I No.
You must be.
I like Isidore.
I know a man like him
wouldn't want a woman like me.
He knows so much.
He speaks well.
He's strong. intelligent...
OK. OK. I get it!
Don't be like that.
How do you get a chick here?
There are no movies...
I No hangouts.
I don't understand.
Get some rest. Gédéon.
You should have him whipped.
He humiliated me.
- In front of the others.
- Calm down.
I need someone to help Mr Henri.
Βeware. sir. An educated negro
is a dangerous negro.
He might incite the others
to revolt.
I saw it happen in
the rubber plantations in Τanganyika.
Don't worry about that.
I've made him totally inoffensive.
What can a negro.
no matter how smart. hope for
other than power over his kind?
C'mon. get up!
Get up!
Get up. lazybones!
Don't be an asshole!
I'm in charge.
Mr Jourdain said so.
So. move!
Cut the crap! Let me sleep.
Τhat's my piss bucket!
These negroes!
Hurry up!
I'm to get the bridge repaired.
So. do it.
- Can I have a word?
- Βe quick. we're busy.
Are you serious?
We don't belong here.
I haven't forgotten.
But do you know how to get back?
I No?
So. avoid beatings
by impressing 'em.
Oh. yeah!
So. licking whitie's ass
is a strategy?
Of course!
Well done. bro!
Get to work... Gédéon.
Get to work. too!
Don't look at me.
Hi. partner!
Listen up. negro!
And listen good!
Size doesn't matter!
Do you get me? Do you?
Size doesn't matter.
Sky. cloudy.
I look at the sky
It's so cloudy
That the day is rainy
Creates in me such ennui
Βravo!
Τhank you.
Βravo.
I've come
to give you my report. sir.
- Report?
- Yes.
It went well. though I had
some trouble with Gédéon.
You know negroes.
can't trust 'em.
I fixed the bridge on my own.
Well done. Gaspard.
Τhanks. sir.
Corn. morn.
heart. impart.
Τhe smell of sweet corn
gladdens my heart...
Indeed.
Corn in the morn
Imparts joy upon my heart!
How poetic! It's wonderful!
It's the servant!
I forgot to tell you.
Gaspard is a clever negro.
He can read.
He can read! Astonishing!
Can he also play the piano?
The sun shines
Golden brown
The sun makes
Peoele the same color
The same color
O sweet sun
Get up. lazybones!
Come on!
Get out of there. you two!
Seen Gaspard and Gédéon?
Get out! Out you come!
How did you know?
You snored all the way.
I beg you.
don't take us back to the plantation!
Are you thirsty?
Bring them back unharmed.
I just bought them. I need them.
Yes. sir.
Unharmed! I know your methods.
If they're incapacitated.
I won't pay you the rest.
Don't worry. sir.
You said that
last time a slave escaped.
You cut off his feet.
An accident. sir.
Indeed.
I bet it was.
- Why are you doing this?
- Why?
Βecause I'm Jewish.
Know what Christians call us?
Europe's negroes.
Our peoples have both suffered.
Well. thank you.
You suffered!
You do the same in Palestine!
- What?
- He can't know that!
Palestine?
Forget it. We don't have time
for that old debate.
We have to stick together. Two
peoples suffered throughout history.
Jews. then blacks.
Βlacks. then Jews!
No! We suffered more than you.
Slavery's the biggest suffering!
We suffered mass slavery in Egypt
till Moses freed us.
Then. the lnquisition.
We suffered most!
I can't let you say that.
- What?
- The debate's getting too heated.
I think you're both right.
Τoday...
I mean your today.
Ours is more complex.
- I think blacks suffered more.
- Τhank you!
I don't agree!
Later. with Adolf Hitler.
it's different.
But that's...
Who's this Adolf?
A little guy with a mustache...
With a side parting...
The slave hunters!
Quick. go out the back way.
Τhanks. Isaac.
for not collaborating.
Only natural.
Βe careful...
Adolf?
C'mon. c'mon!
C'mon!
Screw you. faggots!
Minimum wage earners!
Dunces!
- Βitches!
- You flunked out of school!
What are those crappy insults?
They're insults.
Did you flunk out. too?
Screw teachers!
Screw principals!
Screw my school!
Screw Mrs Duchêne!
- Who's Mrs Duchêne?
- My French teacher.
Get down there!
Hello.
- I don't think that means "Hello".
- Really?
It's Fula.
They must be from Senegal.
It means "white devil".
Βut why?
We're all in the same boat.
You're a mulatto.
For whites. you're black.
In Africa. you're white.
Like those who threw us in here.
How do you say
"I'm with you"?
White devil!
Step right up. ladies and gentlemen!
Get a closer look.
They'll increase
your plantation's profits in no time.
Look how young and strong
they are!
Let's stop for a while.
It's been a long walk.
Τhe dogs are tired.
Sit!
- Cut off their feet?
- I No!
You promised!
You heard Mr Jourdain.
He won't pay us
if they're incomplete.
I'll try and find some food.
So. keep your eyes open
and behave!
C'mon. dogs!
Are you there?
- Maroons. are you there?
- Yes!
Maroons. are you with me?
We Maroons have broken our chains.
We've run away
and become free!
Today we welcome 2 new brothers.
Like us. they broke their chains.
- Maroons!
- Maroons! Maroons!
What's your name. brother?
- Joël!
- I No!
- Gédéon?
Τhey're slave names.
You're... Polydor.
- You're...
- Jean Moulin!
Jean Moulin.
Maroons. will you fight
to free all our brothers?
Maroons.
will you fight to the death?
Will you fight for the black race?
Will you kill all the whites?
- I No!
- Yes!
Let's not overdo it.
Let's just annoy 'em.
A few slaps...
Hurry!
Run!
Aunt?
Why's she here?
You took a long time to come. boys.
You're the one who sent us here?
You witch!
Calm down!
- Régis!
- I'll kill you!
Calm down.
- Régis!
Dammit. Régis!
Hey. calm down!
Calm down...
What did she say?
- Dunno.
- You speak Creole.
Τhat's literary Creole.
I speak street Creole.
Do you or don't you?
I can say things like
"My heart hurts"...
"Baby. make love".
You want to go home?
Your fate is in your own hands.
You were ripped
from your world. your families.
sold like cattle.
you cut sugar cane.
felt the sting of the whip.
you were hunted like wild animals!
I Now. boys.
have you understood?
What?
Sure we have! Τhe whip. cattle!
How do we go home?
If you've understood.
go back to your ancestors.
Our ancestors?
Isidore and Rosalie.
Put things right
and smoke the pipe.
Only then will you go home.
- Τhey're our ancestors?
- No way.
How do we put things right?
Isidore can't be our ancestor.
He's a fag!
- Let her speak.
- I have proof!
Forget your sex problems!
I don't have any sex problems!
I've had more chicks
than you!
Don't ever say that again.
Where is she?
Maybe you don't mind
having a fag ancestor. but I do.
It could be hereditary.
Shut up about it!
If Isidore was gay.
he couldn't be our ancestor.
Oh. yeah?
What's this. then?
Aunt lied about Isidore...
He isn't our ancestor.
Or that's what we have to put right!
- Meaning?
- A fag!
They don't have kids!
Put it right
so we exist in the future.
- Τhink so?
- It's obvious!
We were sent
to help our ancestors reproduce.
So. we have to do it.
We have to put it right.
How do we justify our absence?
We'll get whipped.
Don't worry.
negotiating is my thing.
I work for the town hall.
I Nice negotiating!
We're not being whipped.
First Isidore and Rosalie.
then home.
I wouldn't mind boning her!
Jerk! She's our ancestor.
It's like sleeping with Grandma!
- But she's not old.
- So what?
You'd be my brother
and my great-great-grandpa!
We're West Indians. not inbreds.
You're West Indian now?
I Not from I Normandy?
Excuse me. have you seen Rosalie?
- Why are you here?
- Scram.
You shouldn't be here.
- Does it hurt?
- Of course it does!
- I hate my father.
- He's a bastard!
Quiet!
Don't repeat that.
- Why did he do that?
- He's a bastard!
Shut up!
That's how it is.
Don't worry.
things will change soon.
You're the future.
There'll be a revolution.
Men will be born free and equal.
black and white.
Heads will roll!
France'll be home to democracy.
Collaboration!
- Human rights!
- Colonization!
- Universal suffrage!
- Oppression!
Social welfare!
How do you know that?
- Here's to the newlyweds.
- The newlyweds!
May this union be fertile and happy.
Come on.
Go on.
Soon. the monarchy
will be abolished.
Children have such imagination!
France will be a democracy
whose representatives
will be elected by the people.
Will negroes
and farmyard animals vote. too?
Τhere'll be no more slaves.
One day. a black will be president.
Victor!
Stop talking nonsense
and showing off. Go to your room.
- Βut...
- To your room.
Thank you. Mr Jourdain.
That child is...
- Step right up!
- Over here!
Who hasn't had some rum?
Rum for everyone!
No. I'm a Muslim.
To hell with it!
Come on!
Τhank you.
We haven't eaten meat in ages.
What is it?
- lt's... lynx.
- Wild lynx.
Don't you find this dance
a bit risqué. Father?
Well. modern dances
are more and more obscene.
You move up and you rub.
You rub...
Now you go down. That's it.
And back up again.
And that's called Zouk Love.
- Enough!
- Don't stop now.
I'll have one last glass with you.
Down in one!
Come on!
I missed you. Gédéon.
Really?
Kiss me!
- You don't want to kiss me now?
- I No. don't!
You don't like me anymore?
Please leave me alone.
I don't have any condoms.
Huh?
Just let yourself go.
Oh. Grandma!
Don't you think Rosalie's hot?
I saw her grow up.
She's like my little sister.
Cut the crap!
Look how she moves.
Τhat's enough!
- I didn't do a thing.
- We're having fun.
Please excuse me.
I Not dancing. Mr Henri?
I No.
You miss your negroes already?
You're not made for opulence.
Excuse me.
- Why do I get Isidore?
- I don't trust you with Grandma!
- Go on.
- No. I really can't.
- We have no choice.
- I can't!
Τhink of something else.
Your fave rapper.
Snoop Doggy Dogg.
Τhink of Soup Doggy Βoy.
C'mon.
OK. Pull it down.
Don't touch me!
C'mon. let's go.
C'mon. OK...
That's good.
- Don't look me in the eye!
- I'm not.
- Stop puffing!
- I'm breathing.
We're going home!
What're you doing?
Let's not go just yet!
What's going on?
You kiss me like in a dream.
my dear husband!
It's a negro!
- You jealous?
- I No!
- Smell that?
- Smells bad.
- You smell it?
- I No.
Use your snout!
That's for the possums!
Τhat's enough!
With your big cocks!
Give me that!
Lock them up.
We'll hang them at dawn.
Hey. be a man.
I don't wanna die here.
Stop crying.
Always being a whitie!
I'm sick of your crap.
Your clichés about whites
and blacks behaving differently.
When I was in I Normandy.
I went to a private school.
I was the only
dark-skinned kid there.
I had to stand stupid nicknames:
Βabakar. Snow White...
Τhey stroked my hair
'cause it's soft.
I acted according to where I was.
not my color.
It's called integration.
Yeah. big deal!
You had it easy.
You had whatever you wanted.
My life's been shitty!
- Τhat's not true!
- It is!
I too wanted to play piano.
be a scout!
Have a job like you!
A loving family. respect!
lt's OK. little brother.
Before it's too late.
I want to say something.
I lied to you!
I don't have a firm.
I live with my Mom.
I just got out of prison.
Because I stole an old woman's bag.
It's OK. I'm here now.
And I want to say
something I've never told anyone
before I go.
Yes. brother? I love you.
In prison...
I felt so lonely...
one night with my cellmate.
it got out of hand.
We just touched.
I No penetration.
'Morning! Τime to go back
to swinging from trees!
It isn't a good day
for the plantation.
As God is my witness.
I warned these two.
Their intolerable behavior
leaves me no choice
but to hang them.
Mr Henri...
Mr Victor!
Help! Help!
He's drowning!
Τhank you.
Go.
Go away.
Go away!
Help!
Wait. I'm coming!
Coming!
Help!
I can't swim!
I'm gonna drown!
Gédéon and Gaspard...
What will I do with you?
- I should hang you.
- We saved your...
Silence!
Victor. my only son...
Father. take him to boarding school.
Victor asked me to free you both.
You're free.
Here are your bills of freedom.
Τhank you.
Βut...
I'd like a favor.
I want Isidore to be freed instead.
You sure about this?
Isidore has a life to build.
Our freedom is to go home.
What'll you do?
Don't worry about me.
Waiting for Isidore?
I No.
I'll be going.
Well...
See you.
Joël!
Am I my brother's keeper?
I don't understand these negroes.
2 days ago. they run away.
Τhen they come back.
Τoday. I offer them their freedom.
Τhey ask me to free 2 other slaves.
I'm not surprised.
Τhe uprooting of these savages
often affects their behavior.
When I was in the Congo...
Enough. Father!
We all know
you never set foot in Africa.
Τhank you.
I woke up in the barn.
Rosalie was by my side. you know?
I'm pleased for us...
I mean. for you.
Goodbye. Mr Victor!
Enough emotion!
Go on.
Gaspard and Gédéon...
You wanted to stay.
so get back to work.
You'll pay for this.
Bye. guys.
Here's your contract
for a 2-month trial.
- Is that all I get paid?
- Minimum wage.
Welcome aboard!
Noodle eater!
Hi. Régis.
How were the West Indies?
- Fine.
- They weren't...
late for the funeral?
What? It's a joke!
Lost your sense of humor?
It's just not funny.
coming from you. Jack.
You use my first name now?
You use mine. I use yours.
I'm not your slave. OK?
What's wrong?
- Look at this.
- What?
Fuck!
From now on. you'll respect me.
Have a good weekend.
- How long?
- 2 days.
Here's to the family!
To the family!
Less noise. kids.
Next time. do we all go together?
I'm in no hurry.
Dad. she tore this paper.
I didn't. You did!
Subtitles: J. Miller
Subtitling: Vdm